docs: Add a guide to using state sync in full node operations (#639)
medibloc/panacea-core: .gitbook/4-validators/3-join-mainnet-testnet.md

## Run a Full Node

### Before Running a Node
Before running full node, it is highly recommended to use [state sync](#state-sync).

It is possible to start from scratch but will take a significant amount of time and effort to catch up.

> To sync full node from scratch, it is important to note that you must start with V2.0.0 and proceed through different upgrades at proper block height.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To sync full node from scratch, it is important to note that you must start with v2.0.1 and proceed through several upgrades at proper block heights.
```
https://github.com/medibloc/panacea-mainnet/blob/master/panacea-3/v2.0.1/upgrade.md
